# Dockerized lnurl-commando 📦

An easily configurable docker instance of a lnurl server that fetches invoices over the lightning network via
lnsocket[^1] and commando[^2].

## Why?
This dockerized version of lnurl-commando was built to enable LNURL payments on Core Lightning nodes in the form of `name@domain.com`. This is commonplace with LND but core lightning lnurl support right now is not overt. This repo solves this.

lnurl-commando in this version enables zaps on nostr for Core Lightning users.

## Deps
- Reverse Proxy
  - [SSL termination](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/security-controls/terminating-ssl-http/)
  - CORS configuration [example](https://enable-cors.org/server_nginx.html)
  - .well-known/lnurlp/name proxy_pass
- Core Lightning Node

## Usage
First modify the .env example to fir your configuration.

Then run 
```
docker compose up
```
# Environment Variables Structure

- **`CLN_NODEID`**:
  Your core lightning node's ID
  *Command*: `lightning-cli getinfo`

- **`CLN_RUNE`**:
  Rune generated by core lightning for invoice creation access.
  *Reference*: see notes

- **`CLN_HOST`**:
  Hostname or IP address of your core lightning node with 9735 access.

- **`CALLBACK`**:
  URL endpoint for the `ln-url` commando to return the invoice to the wallet
  *Example*: `lnurl.qrsnap.io`

- **`NOSTR_PUBKEY`**
  Your BIP340 nostr public key (64 hex characters). Note: this is not `npub`.

- **`LNURL_DESCRIPTION`**:
  Text that will appear in the client's wallet when they use your `lnurl`.

- **`LNURL_LONGDESCRIPTION`**:
  Extended description. Be aware that not all wallets use this.

- **`LOCAL_THUMBNAIL`**:
  File path to an LNURL image. Again, not all wallets might utilize this.

- **`IDENTIFIER`**:
  A unique identifier for you, your nym, service, and so on.

## Notes
Make sure that the rune is restricted to the `invoice` method:

    $ lightning-cli commando-rune restrictions=method=invoice

## Attribution
[@jb55](https://github.com/jb55)

## References
[^1]: https://github.com/jb55/lnsocket
[^2]: https://github.com/lightningd/plugins/tree/master/commando
